[Music]
I'm no speech giver I'm just a regular
guy who keeps his stretch of
civilization open but I really am
honored to be named citizen of the year
Scotsman yeah
it's about your son he's dead oh you got
mixed up with some drug dealer by the
name of Mike King who's viking vikings a
whole different breed do you know what a
bully is I gave you Lord of the Flies
all the answers are in that book I'm
gonna kill these guys really what make
sure that you can kill her man never
edit a crime novel
three of vikings dealers have
disappeared its fate of Bluebell Sam
yeah what is with all these nicknames
we don't Viking it's a gangster did you
have a nickname wingman wingman yeah
from Top Gun as in you can be my wingman
one guy can disappear but for me someone
wants me dead my guess that was white
ball white ball is Vikings rifle white
bull once more and I'll give it to him
oh Jesus we had turf war right here in
the town this doesn't happen in Kia just
dead
you have gone as far as you're gonna go
this is my world now
I don't think does
I will have blood for blood
thank you a kidnapping on all the time
and you drive the same road day after
day it's easy to think about the road
not taken
but I picked a good road and I stayed on
it
Nell's cocksman citizen year
good for him
we need rooms tonight I'm sorry you need
a reservation excuse me a reservoir do
you have any idea what I can do to you
on TripAdvisor
Elijah has changed over the years he's
given up we keep him heavily sedated but
there is a reason for that
he's too smart for them you won't be
lonely anymore we have two new friends
[Music]
the three of you think you have
extraordinary gifts like something out
of a comic book I've developed an
effective treatment for this disorder
the light will force a different
identity to take hold step away from the
controls now so you're not gonna shake
my hand and let me walk out of here good
for you what do you want I am here to
see if tales of the extraordinary being
are true may I meet the beasts primary
relevance
I need your bilities to get us all out
of here and shove the world we exist
that sounds like the bad guys teaming up
then you believe you are an avenging
angel
I'm avenge us
I have to get out of here before he gets
out they are contained they always
underestimate the master
it has be kind of David I found someone
will require your full attention
you shouldn't be hiding in the shadows
you might want to try and stop us
a lot of people are going to die
yeah like a PB and J sandwich finally
all of us together for the world to see
what we are capable of you need to get
out of there
what have you done oh my good buddy you
that fish boy from the TV it's fish man
you could unite our worlds one day the
land
[Music]
I'm not King the world needs something
more a hero
Aquaman rated pg-13 see the extended
video on YouTube now
[Music]
Buzzz fall with
this is bear son it was the home of your
grandparents and their grandparents
before then but out there beyond the age
of the water-wise the whole of the
Dragons
and I believe that your destiny to one
day find this hidden world
you do know my leg isn't a chew toy
don't you is this what you want yeah
okay
how am I supposed to get down hey buddy
wait up he's not the only one
[Music]
another Night Fury weeks it's more like
a right I'm night Perry
yeah hi yours is better probably there
is an armada with enough cages for all
of our dragon vein
this is a new kind of enemy we need to
find the hidden world I wouldn't destroy
everything you rely
even nothing without your dragon
if primo succeeds there won't be any
dragons left and it's up to us to put an
end to it so what are you gonna do about
it
suit up gang we have one shot
you brought a baby to a battle I
couldn't find a sitter
I hit it morals have really touched
success that's the key
right but inside
well what Kunis not a word
my name is Peter Parker I'm pretty sure
you know the rest I saved the city fell
in love then I saved the city again and
again and again look I'm a comic book
serial and get a Christmas album and
it's so so popsicle but this isn't about
me not anymore
spider-man swings in once a day zip zap
zop in his little mask and answers to no
one I love you morons dad are you
serious I wanted here dad I love you
Patrick aah my name is Miles Morales
one and only spider-man at least that's
what I thought you behaved the
supercollider you gotta love this you're
like me that's impossible
all right kids listen up this part is
your universe saga it's weird it's gross
and this delicious normal fry is my
universe so you want to learn to be
spider-man can you teach me yes I can
time to swing good do it double tap
Turley's and clip it out again whip and
release your natural lip hey guys who
are you I'm Gwen Stacy I'm from another
another dimension
how many more spotty people are there
hey fellas
this could literally not get any weirder
it can get weird okay we need to get
back to our universes soon
Brooklyn is gonna collapse my family
lives in Brooklyn what's wrong this was
WC
it's mine
if I don't destroy the collider none of
us will have a home to go home to
remember what makes you different that's
wrong
is what makes you spider-man
officer I love you
[Music]
do animals talk in this dimension cuz I
don't want to freak him out there are
moments in a rockstars life that define
who he is where there was darkness there
is no you and it's going to be a wild
ride
[Music]
we say I want you to be my VP I want you
you're my bias
well George honey I'm the CEO of a large
company and I have been Secretary of
Defense and I have been White House
chief of staff the vice presidency is a
mostly symbolic job however if we came
to a different understanding I can
handle the more mundane jobs but we're
seeing bureaucracy military energy
foreign policy
Yeah right I like that
[Music]
when you have power people will always
try to take it from you always
are you even more ruthless than you used
to be first
[Music]
so we gonna do the stair writer is this
happening I believe we can make this
work hot damn
[Music]
you need to prove you're looking for
work
I've been looking trust me three
signatures by tomorrow or you can tell
it to the judge
tell me about a time when you worked
hard to solve a problem this morning
getting up we're gonna find you someone
you like
let me be your arms and your legs I love
all right penthouse you need to wait
your turn
relax it's not a holdup I just signed
this one please how would I sign it I
don't know
slowly don't your arms work they don't
you can move your mouth as can you I
need assistance misses a peg hell yeah
you are not qualified for this position
[Music]
have you changed your catheter nah
pinched the head insert me I can't feel
it oh well I can't you wanna feed your
soul you listen to it's cool thank thank
think about what you're trying to do to
me it's amazing it sounds just like yeah
it's uncanny
he was Richard James II know Richard
which caused us all of these to the
right oh yeah they're not practical
exactly
you can have any girl you want for box
later on Botox I'll be perfect you can't
move your body she can't move her face I
specifically said nothing for my
birthday
I'm sorry you gotta have a surprise
party in a huge mansion someone's got
real problems
I'm fighting to see my son and whose
fault is it is it yours or is the world
how to get you mad I'm gonna break this
big-ass bottle of wine Dell made a mess
[Music]
relax
hominid trace is beautiful right it's
definitely not Boston here we go okay so
what do you think wow this whole place
is ours
I even got into throwing a whole forest
as a new backyard
[Music]
it was a myth
kids used to dare each other go into the
woods at night they knew the power of
that place they feared it those woods
belong to something else
[Music]
the round is bad it may be just some
crazy folktale but there is something up
in those woods something it brings
things back
sometimes dead is better
[Music]
today's your passion father do you know
anything about La Llorona
the retail woman
it was a folk town
- so stay in the car okay
and please don't wake up your sister
[Applause]
I throw Stuber who did you try to stop I
don't know
[Music]
recursive la Llorona